changing TLS version listed will add note to update cypher https://do… (#2345)
18F/cg-site: _docs/compliance/domain-standards.md

The SSL/TLS implementation depends on how your client is reaching cloud.gov, which is either through an AWS load balancer, or through the CDN service based on Amazon CloudFront.

> * [AWS load balancers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/create-https-listener.html#tls-security-policies) implement the `ELBSecurityPolicy-TLS13-1-2-Ext1-2021-06` SSL/TLS policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AWS load balancers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/create-https-listener.html#tls13-security-policies) implement the `ELBSecurityPolicy-TLS13-1-2-Ext1-2021-06` SSL/TLS policy.
```

**Cipher suite names**: The AWS documentation uses the OpenSSL cipher names which are different from IANA/RFC cipher names returned by scanners. For example, `ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256` on the documentation page will be called `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256` by scanners and other tools.

> **Cipher suite count**: The `ELBSecurityPolicy-TLS13-1-2-Ext1-2021-06` has 12 ciphers, but your scanner may only show 8 results. That's because our certificates are signed with RSA keys, not Elliptic Curve (ECDSA) keys, so those cipher suites are not in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cipher suite count**: The `ELBSecurityPolicy-TLS13-1-2-Ext1-2021-06` has 15 ciphers, but your scanner may only show 11 results. That's because our certificates are signed with RSA keys, not Elliptic Curve (ECDSA) keys, so those cipher suites are not in use.
```
